Do you know how to make a good first impression
with your father in law?
Very easy.
Never arrive empty handed.
You have to show him that you are a good catch.
Really blow his hair back. Leave him with
his eyelashes stuck to his forehead.
I think
I sound great.
I hope I recognize him- I have only seen him
in pictures. Stacey showed to
me once.
He looks nice. He's got Lionel Richie hair.
You know- curly hair, cool guy.
It's weird, the names people get here sometimes.
It's like if I was named "little weiner" in
Chile.
Can I say weiner?
I didn't understand a thing he said.
We're screwed.
I wanted us to
get along, but I think his tie was tied too
tight.
I
didn't know what to do. I felt exposed.
Like
a naked bird.
I got there late.
He started telling me about
his shoes.
And I forgot everything about the hotdog cart.
We are going to kill it.
The meeting wasn't the best, but what can
we do about it?
We have no money, no hotdog cart, no apartment.
No way, Jose.